History

United Kingdom is one of the first countries in the world to appear school uniforms. The history of school uniforms in England begins in 1552 with Christ Hospital, the first school to introduce a uniform. The Victorian era popularized the sailor suit for children. 

By the 20th century, uniforms became more standardized, particularly in public schools, and often included elements like soft collars, ties, and specific colors. In the 1920s, the basic uniform styles we recognize today were established. However, over time, some elements like pointed caps and sandals have fallen out of favor. Post-World War I, state schools began to adopt uniforms more widely.

Entering the 21st century, school uniforms in the UK have seen some relaxation in dress codes. Some schools have moved towards more casual attire, with fewer boys wearing shorts and more opting for trousers. The traditional uniform components like ties and black shoes are being replaced with more casual items like sweatshirts and sneakers. Despite these changes, many schools continue to require some form of uniform.

School uniform system

United Kingdom schools require students to wear corresponding school uniforms on different occasions and at different ages, the significance is to cultivate and stipulate that students should know how to carry out activities in accordance with the corresponding rules in different scenarios, in United Kingdom schools, from the age of three students are required to wear uniforms, but when they gradually enter adulthood, the school will no longer force students to wear uniform school uniforms, but there will still be requirements for students to wear, There is a certain saying about when and on what occasion to wear Blazer or Jackets or Suits. 

Spirit

On one hand the school uniform is an representation of the school rule and school spirit. On the other hand, if you see big things from small one, you can see that behind the school uniform culture is actually the influence of the powerful Western contract culture. In addition to school, British people pay great attention to etiquette in the whole society. Wearing is the most important and critical point in etiquette culture. Wearing represents and shows a person's mental outlook and external temperament, and is the key to giving people a first impression.
